hey guys this is Brian ed obedia and
today I'm going to show you how to
install plugins by lexicon prolix Khan
Pro makes some very well-known really
awesome plugins they're real easy to
install just a few steps we have to go
through so let's go ahead and dive right
in now one thing I should mention right
now is that in order to make use of and
authorize the lexicon Pro plugins you
are going to need an eye lock - I'll
show you a picture of that right here
make sure you have a nighlok - not a
nighlok one if you have a nighlok one
you're not gonna be able to authorize
these plugins properly as long as you've
got that you're all set
so next thing we need to do is download
the installation files for our plugins
I've got them right here on my desktop I
have a little zip file right here I'm
gonna go ahead and just open it up
inside of there are a couple different
folders a 32 in a 64 bit folder and I'm
just gonna go ahead and unzip both of
these to my desktop right now because
you may want to install both just
depends on your system I'm gonna go
ahead and use the 32 bit double-click on
that inside you're gonna find the
installer file go ahead and run that and
then follow through the wizard in order
to install the applications now the
wizard is very easy to follow along just
click on next agree to the license
agreement now you will be asked which
VST folder you would like to install
your plugins to and this will
automatically be recognized by the
windows installer your art as plugins
for pro tools will be installed into the
common folder for those plugins hit next
hit next again and now just let the
Installer do its magic and install all
of the plugins all right when the
installers finished just click on finish
and now you are done installing the
plugins now the next step is to
authorize these plugins so we need to do
that by going to Iowa com so I'm gonna
go to Iowa comm right here and log into
my Iowa account now when you're logging
into your ilyich account make sure that
your eye lock is connected to a USB port
on your computer because I low comm is
going to be looking for that I lock in
order to install a license on it now
you'll be presented with a page which
will show you
you are available I LOX now you will
have an authorization code from lexicon
and in order to redeem this
authorization code all you need to do is
take a look on the left-hand side here
of the menu click on redeem license code
this is going to open the redeem license
code page and here you can simply copy
and paste the code for your lexicon plug
in or you can enter it by hand whichever
works for you then simply click on get
license and you will be walked through
the steps to transfer that license to
your I lock and make sure that the
plugins are properly authorized on your
I lock after we've authorized our
plugins on our I lock all I need to do
is load up an audio workstation and make
sure that they work properly all right
so now here we are in Ableton Live I'm
just gonna take a look on the left hand
side of my plugin list and I'm simply
going to drag a lexicon plug-in onto an
audio track and there you go it opens up
and it's ready to go and now you can
make use of all these great plugins in
your audio productions very easy to use
they sound great they're super fun and I
hope that this video has been useful to
you guys please stay in touch with me
i'm brian at obedia comm and I always
look forward to hearing your questions
and comments
happy music production to you guys and I
will see you next time take care